chore: align README for non-prefixed packages (#2994)
vaadin/web-components: packages/notification/README.md

# @vaadin/notification

> A web component used to provide feedback to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web component for providing feedback to the user.
```

Author: Done.
